Building an Express Server for Agora Cloud Recording (#939)
section-io/engineering-education: articles/agora-cloud-recording/index.md

> In this tutorial, we will be building a server using Node.js and Express to acquire recording resource, start, and stop cloud recording of audio/video streams that occur using the Agora SDKs in your application using the Cloud Recording APIs provided by Agora.

Author: @adrianmurage 
I think this would be technically inaccurate. We are not using the Agora SDKs in this tutorial in any way. It's necessary to mention that we are recording the streams that are occurring in their application.

> In this tutorial, we will be building a server using Node.js and Express to acquire recording resource, start, and stop cloud recording of audio/video streams that occur using the Agora SDKs in your application using the Cloud Recording APIs provided by Agora.

Reviewer: Right...
Noted

Head to the console and click the account name on the top right corner and click on RESTful API from the dropdown.

![RESTful API Dropdown](restful_api.png)

Copy the customer ID and click on download under customer secret to get the customer secret.

> You can download the customer secret only once. Keep the secret in a safe place.

![Customer Secret](customer_secret.png)

For the API, We should convert the customer ID and secret to base64 using the `Buffer.from()` and converting it into a base64 string using `.toString('base64)`.

```JavaScript
Buffer.from(string).toString('base64');
```

I'll be using Axios to make requests to the Agora APIs. We need to pass the constructed base64 string as the authorization header on the request. You can learn more about Axios [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios).

It is not a good idea to add the key and the secret in the code. So, you can use environment variables. If you'd like to learn more about environment variables, refer to [this article](https://medium.com/the-node-js-collection/making-your-node-js-work-everywhere-with-environment-variables-2da8cdf6e786).

### Setting up the server

> > You'll need Node.js to set up an Express server. You can download Node.js from [here](https://nodejs.org/en/). I'll be using [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) to make requests to this server. You can download it from [here](https://www.postman.com/downloads/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You'll need Node.js to set up an Express server. You can download Node.js from [the Node.js org website](https://nodejs.org/en/). I'll be using [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) to make requests to this server. You can download it from [the postman download page ](https://www.postman.com/downloads/).
```

Head to the console and open Project Management.

Click on usage for the project you want to enable cloud recording for.

![Usage Button](usage_button.png)

Click on duration under cloud recording. If you haven't already enabled it yet, It will ask you whether you want to enable cloud recording for this project. Click on the enable button.

![Enable Cloud Recording](enable_cr.png)

It'll display the maximum number of channels that you can record at the same time. The default value is 50 channels. If you want more, you need to contact the Sales team of Agora (sales@agora.io).

![Max Concurrent Channels](max_concurrent_channels.png)

Once you hit Apply, you'll see the statistics page of the cloud recording.

![Cloud Recording Enabled](cr_enabled.png)

You have successfully enabled cloud recording for your project.

### Acquiring authentication keys for Agora APIs
If you want to work with Agora's APIs, you need to acquire the client ID and client secret from Agora.

Head to the console and click the account name on the top right corner and click on RESTful API from the dropdown.

![RESTful API Dropdown](restful_api.png)

> Copy the customer ID and click on download under customer secret to get the customer secret.

Reviewer: I notice that this CUSTOMER ID we get is not used in the entire app
But the APP ID which is used severally is not obtained at any one point in the tutorial

Author: The Customer ID is only used in generating the Base64 Auth token. The App ID, however, is used in all the requests.

The reason I didn't include how to obtain the APP ID is that if someone is actually going through this tutorial to implement it, I assumed they must have an Agora application already which definitely requires an App ID and they must already have it.

I'll add how to acquire an App ID now.

Author: I added a step on how to acquire the App ID

> You can download the customer secret only once. Keep the secret in a safe place.

![Customer Secret](customer_secret.png)

> For the API, We should convert the customer ID and secret to base64 using the `Buffer.from()` and converting it into a base64 string using `.toString('base64)`.

Reviewer: In the code sample under **Acquire resource ID**
You convert the KEY & SECRET to base64 not the CUSTOMER ID & SECRET like you're pointing out in this line.
Is this conflict intentional?

Author: The CUSTOMER ID is the KEY. Both are the same.

Author: I fixed the inconsistency. Thanks for pointing it out.

  // Acquire Cloud Recording Resource ID Here
});
```

You need to request this endpoint `https://api.agora.io/v1/apps/{appId}/cloud_recording/acquire` to get a resource ID. The endpoint URL should contain the Agora app ID.

In the body of the request, We should specify a UID, the channel ID, and the time limit (in hours) for the cloud recording API calls. The time limit must be between 1 hour and 720 hours. The countdown starts when you start the recording. When you exceed the limit, you can no longer call `query`, `updateLayout`, and `stop`.

If this request succeeds, you'll get a resource ID as the response. You need to start recording with this resource ID within five minutes.

```JavaScript
app.post("/acquire", async (req, res) => {
  const Authorization = `Basic ${Buffer.from(`${process.env.RESTkey}:${process.env.RESTsecret}`).toString("base64")}`;
  const acquire = await axios.post(
    `https://api.agora.io/v1/apps/${process.env.appID}/cloud_recording/acquire`,
    {
      cname: req.body.channel,
      uid: req.body.uid,
      clientRequest: {
        resourceExpiredHour: 24,
      },
    },
    { headers: { Authorization } }
  );

  res.send(acquire.data);
});

> ```

Reviewer: I got stuck here
1. You have not added Axios as a requirement
2. The async request I make throws an error. And since there's no error handling there's no clear way to know what's going wrong.
3. You did not include guidance on how to go about obtaining the APP_ID variable (which I'm assuming is why the code isn't working, I'm not certain)

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45763204/103767947-905f5900-5047-11eb-8f30-d1a5632df14e.png)

I did add Axios as a requirement. I'll update the article with an `npm install` command to make it stand out.

Author: If you didn't include an APP_ID, the requests will definitely throw an error.

Author: ![acquire](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45763204/103770737-7ffdad00-504c-11eb-95ba-6fc07857f752.gif)
